README.md, before:

# Title

A project to help my San Francsco friends match landlords, tenants and roommates.

## Getting Start
### Install and set up
```bash
npm install                        # Install all npm package defined in package.json
sudo npm -g install cordova ionic  # Install ionic and cordova
cd haoshiyou-ionic && ionic state restore                # Install ionic plugins
```

#### start web server
```bash
foreman start
```

#### build an ionic mobile app

```bash
cd haoshiyoiu-ionic
ionic run android
ionic run ios
``` 
Refer to http://ionicframework.com/docs/guide/testing.html to see how to test build a local mobile app.
## Development
``` bash
### auto update, to perform after schema change
node haoshiyou-api/server/bin/autoupdate.js
```
### Change  backend
git-root/haoshiyou-ionic/www/js/app.js
```javascript
.config(function(LoopBackResourceProvider, $compileProvider, BACKEND){

    // Change the URL where to access the LoopBack REST API server
    LoopBackResourceProvider.setUrlBase('http://' + BACKEND + '/api');
    // LoopBackResourceProvider.setUrlBase('http://haoshiyou-dev.herokuapp.com/api');

    // TODO(zzn): is the imgSrcSanitizationWhitelist really needed
    $compileProvider.imgSrcSanitizationWhitelist(/^\s*(https?|ftp|mailto|content|file|assets-library):/);


}).constant("BACKEND", "dev.haoshiyou.org") // Change here, change to "localhost:5000"
```
## Explanation of Directory as of 2015-07-18
.
├── haoshiyou-api       The API part of the code
├── haoshiyou-ionic     The hybrid app of HTML5 
├── haoshiyou-v1        The deprecated version one currently serving at http://rent.zzn.im

## Troubleshooting
#### ios9 new security check cause failure in running in ios 
run 030_modify_plist.sh


## Developer

Zainan Victor Zhou <zzn@zzn.im>

Commit message:

Update readme for iOS 9 App Transport Security Issues In Apache Cordova

README.md, after:

# Title

A project to help my San Francsco friends match landlords, tenants and roommates.

## Getting Start
### Install and set up
```bash
npm install                                              # Install all npm package defined in package.json
sudo npm -g install cordova ionic ios-deploy             # Install ionic and cordova
cd haoshiyou-ionic && ionic state restore                # Install ionic plugins
```

#### start web server
```bash
foreman start
```

#### build an ionic mobile app

```bash
cd haoshiyoiu-ionic
ionic run android
ionic run ios
``` 
Refer to http://ionicframework.com/docs/guide/testing.html to see how to test build a local mobile app.
## Development
``` bash
### auto update, to perform after schema change
node haoshiyou-api/server/bin/autoupdate.js
```
### Change  backend
git-root/haoshiyou-ionic/www/js/app.js
```javascript
.config(function(LoopBackResourceProvider, $compileProvider, BACKEND){

    // Change the URL where to access the LoopBack REST API server
    LoopBackResourceProvider.setUrlBase('http://' + BACKEND + '/api');
    // LoopBackResourceProvider.setUrlBase('http://haoshiyou-dev.herokuapp.com/api');

    // TODO(zzn): is the imgSrcSanitizationWhitelist really needed
    $compileProvider.imgSrcSanitizationWhitelist(/^\s*(https?|ftp|mailto|content|file|assets-library):/);


}).constant("BACKEND", "dev.haoshiyou.org") // Change here, change to "localhost:5000"
```
## Explanation of Directory as of 2015-07-18
.
├── haoshiyou-api       The API part of the code
├── haoshiyou-ionic     The hybrid app of HTML5 
├── haoshiyou-v1        The deprecated version one currently serving at http://rent.zzn.im

## Troubleshooting
#### ios9 new security check cause failure in running in ios 
It says "App Transport Security has blocked a cleartext HTTP (http://) resource load since it is
insecure. Temporary exceptions can be configured via your app's Info.plist file."

For now, use an iOS version earlier than 9.0 or apply the following fix
https://gist.github.com/mlynch/284699d676fe9ed0abfa

Or demonstrated in video here
https://blog.nraboy.com/2015/10/fix-ios-9-app-transport-security-issues-in-apache-cordova/

run 030_modify_plist.sh


## Developer

Zainan Victor Zhou <zzn@zzn.im>
