haoshiyou/docs/new-developer.md, before:


# New Developer 

## Prerequisite
You need to install the following in your computer:

1. git, npm
2. Ionic@beta
    To install ionic, you need to install nodejs first. Please make sure your nodejs version is euqal or higher than 4.4.4. Otherwise you will see an error when running "ionic state restore" later.
    if the vesion of your installed nodejs is like v0.12.2. Quit using npm to update nodejs. Follow the steps here: http://stackoverflow.com/a/12570971/6567635
    up to here, you are good to go for the web part.
3. Xcode and Iphone Emulator (if developing features related iOS)
4. Android Studio and SDK (if developing features related to Android)
5. (Optional)Genymotion for faster Android Emulation

## Quick Start

1. Git clone the repo (contact xinbenlv@ for access.), and then 
switch to branch "dev"

```shell
git clone git@github.com:xinbenlv/rent.zzn.im.git
cd rent.zzn.im
git checkout -b dev origin/dev # checkout branch "dev"
```

2. Check out config file {#config}

```shell
rm -rf haoshiyou/www/config
# change "dev" here to "prod" to get prod config file
git clone -b dev git@github.com:xinbenlv/haoshiyou-security.git haoshiyou/www/config
```

2. Install packages and setup ionic 

```shell
cd lab/haoshiyou/
npm install --dev
ionic state restore
```

3. Run the Web

```shell
ionic serve -l
```

4. Run the ios emulator and android emulator

```shell
ionic emulate ios
ionic emulate android
```

## Switch between PROD and DEV environment
```shell
git config -f .gitmodules submodule.config.branch prod # or dev

```

## Create CHANGELOG
Before releasing new version follow [github_changelog_generator]
(https://github.com/skywinder/github-changelog-generator)
for instructions.

This is the command to generate CHANGELOG in our repo.

```shell
github_changelog_generator -u xinbenlv -p rent.zzn.im
```

## Install typings definition from DefinitelyTyped

For example

```shell
typings install dt~firebase --save --global
```

## New Developer Learning Material
1. [Javascript W3School Tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp)
2. [TypeScript Official Tutorial](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/tutorial.html)
3. [Anglar2TS Official Quick Start](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/quickstart.html) 
4. [Ionic V2 Official Getting Start](http://ionicframework.com/docs/v2/getting-started/)
5. [Git Tutorial by GitHub](https://try.github.io)
5. (Optional)[Corodva](https://cordova.apache.org/)

Commit message:

Fix running on ios device

haoshiyou/docs/new-developer.md, after:


# New Developer 

## Prerequisite
You need to install the following in your computer:

1. git, npm
2. Ionic@beta
    To install ionic, you need to install nodejs first. Please make sure your nodejs version is euqal or higher than 4.4.4. Otherwise you will see an error when running "ionic state restore" later.
    if the vesion of your installed nodejs is like v0.12.2. Quit using npm to update nodejs. Follow the steps here: http://stackoverflow.com/a/12570971/6567635
    up to here, you are good to go for the web part.
3. Xcode and Iphone Emulator (if developing features related iOS)
4. Android Studio and SDK (if developing features related to Android)
5. (Optional)Genymotion for faster Android Emulation

## Quick Start

1. Git clone the repo (contact xinbenlv@ for access.), and then 
switch to branch "dev"

```shell
git clone git@github.com:xinbenlv/rent.zzn.im.git
cd rent.zzn.im
git checkout -b dev origin/dev # checkout branch "dev"
```

2. Check out config file {#config}

```shell
rm -rf haoshiyou/www/config
# change "dev" here to "prod" to get prod config file
git clone -b dev git@github.com:xinbenlv/haoshiyou-security.git haoshiyou/www/config
```

2. Install packages and setup ionic 

```shell
cd lab/haoshiyou/
npm install --dev
ionic state restore
```

3. Run the Web

```shell
ionic serve -l
```

4. Run the ios emulator and android emulator

```shell
ionic emulate ios
ionic emulate android
```

5. Run the ios device (need to connect your mac to an physical iPhone/iPad)
```shell
ionic run ios --device # needs --device to work
```

## Switch between PROD and DEV environment
```shell
git config -f .gitmodules submodule.config.branch prod # or dev

```

## Create CHANGELOG
Before releasing new version follow [github_changelog_generator]
(https://github.com/skywinder/github-changelog-generator)
for instructions.

This is the command to generate CHANGELOG in our repo.

```shell
github_changelog_generator -u xinbenlv -p rent.zzn.im
```

## Install typings definition from DefinitelyTyped

For example

```shell
typings install dt~firebase --save --global
```

## New Developer Learning Material
1. [Javascript W3School Tutorial](http://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp)
2. [TypeScript Official Tutorial](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/tutorial.html)
3. [Anglar2TS Official Quick Start](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/quickstart.html) 
4. [Ionic V2 Official Getting Start](http://ionicframework.com/docs/v2/getting-started/)
5. [Git Tutorial by GitHub](https://try.github.io)
5. (Optional)[Corodva](https://cordova.apache.org/)
